Pilot sections docs (#120)
opensciencegrid/osg-configure: README.md

### 35-pilot.ini / [Pilot] ###

> These sections describe the types of glideinWMS pilots that your site is willing to accept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These sections describe the size and scale of GlideinWMS pilots that your site is willing to accept.
```

Or something to that effect. Also, GlideinWMS is the official capitalization according to https://glideinwms.fnal.gov/doc.prd/install.html

Author: thanks, I was looking for something more descriptive than 'types' but couldn't think of it.

This file contains multiple sections of the form `[Pilot <PILOT_TYPE>]`,
where `<PILOT_TYPE>` is a free-form name of a type of pilot.
The name must be globally unique; we recommend including the resource name of your CE in the PILOT_TYPE.
For example, if your CE is registered in topology as `UW-ITB-CE1` and you are describing a type of pilot with 4 cores,
then use `UW-ITB-CE1_4CORE`.

The following attributes are required:
| Option                   | Values Accepted             | Explanation                                                                                                                        |
|--------------------------|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **allowed\_vos**         | Comma-separated List or `*` | The VOs that are allowed to run jobs on this resource (autodetected if `*`)                                                        |
| **max\_pilots**          | Positive Integer            | The maximum number of pilots of this type that the factory can send to this CE                                                     |

> | **os**                   | Choice (see below)          | The OS on the workers the pilot should request.  Not set by default.  Only required if **require\_singularity** is `False`               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **os**                   | Choice (see below)          | The operating system on the workers the pilot should request.  Not set by default.  Only required if **require\_singularity** is `False`               |
```
